I would say that the posting for Rwanda Technical Support Engineer Dynamics with Tek Experts piqued my interest. When reviewing the job description and requirements, I was so excited to see that my qualifications and personal traits align with your needs, goals, and mission. 

I want to bring a set of talents that I believe will be valuable to Tek Experts mission and vision. In my District Manager and Tech Teaching Assistant roles, I honed my abilities in Problem-solving, troubleshooting customer issues, Project Management, Operations, Team Management, Planning, and IT skills providing a solid foundation for Technical Support position. Additionally, my collaboration, customer-centric nature, and eagerness to consistently learn have afforded me excellent leadership and Tech skills and would be so more important to apply these to contribute to the vision and mission of Tek Experts in Rwanda and globally.

Tek Experts has shown a progressive success towards providing IT supports and services to its customers. I am excited to contribute my strengths and proficiency in innovation toward your team efforts. As an extroverted and personable communicator with a proven track record in reporting, presentation, and strategic guiding, my focus on building strong professional relationships has been a valuable asset throughout my career. Last but not least, I am not highly advanced in terms of technology but I am very known as a self-starter, quick learner, and I always put the team's success and customers experience first. This coverage and others show that I am highly interested in joining Tek Experts in the technical support field.   


Customer Reps! 
A customer representative acts as a bridge between customers and an organization or company. The reason behind this thought is that I believe there is no work done until the level of customer satisfaction is at a high standard in any organization or company. There are essential qualities every customer representative should possess. 

First and foremost, a good customer representative should have clear information about a product or service of the company. Having this quality is so vital since it opens a path to being able to present the information about the product or service, persuade the customer while selling, and be able to understand the issue that customers should have and propose the right solutions for them. Customers are sometimes challenging, and thereby, a customer representative must know more about the product or service. 

Secondly, a good customer representative should be a good time manager. Everyone should always expect a call or chat with a customer about the product. Also, Having a prompt response adds value to the company. Still talking about time management, meetings are so essential to a customer representative as they contain new updates; thus, a customer representative should always show up on time. 

Could you be a customer representative without patience? I guess the answer is a complete no. In most cases, customers who reach out are sometimes frustrated and sometimes confused. I could not also hesitate that sometimes customers are annoyed and upset. Therefore, a customer representative should be open enough and possess the quality of being patient to the customer who reaches out in any manner. Here, I would also add that a good customer rep should have the ability to read customers to decide how they handle them. 

Finally, effective communication is a quality for a customer representative to have. A good customer representative should be clear in explaining or delivering a message, possess the persuasion skills, and be good at reporting the problems or issues of customers to the supervisors. The willingness to learn new skills or the ability to reach out for feedback or support is also a key to many successful customer representatives. 

Team leader 
Working in a team could be a challenging and rewarding experience. This is because the team is always characterised by diverse ideas and behaviours. It is always challenging when handled ineffectively but rewarding when dealt effectively. I have successfully worked as a team leader for a long time and I am pleased to share the top three tips for acting as an effective team leader. 

First and foremost, a team will be successful when every member has a common goal. This is achieved when a team leader set clear team goals, roles, responsibilities and ensure their accountabilities. It is so important that everyone understands his part as an individual and knows the overall vision and mission of the team. It indeed more important when an individual's work reflects the overall team goal and the team leader should be goal-oriented and organized.

Secondly, a good team leader should be demonstrate confidence in the team and motivates the team members with this ability. This quality helps the team leader to set clear goals and take very promising decisions and the team members easily see the importance of the decision and respect it. 

Again, a good team leader should be characterized by delegation and facilitation skills. Delegation meaning that they sometimes need to know types of tasks they can delegate to the team and follow team in facilitating so as to produce a quality work. This goes in line with the ability to coach and train the team to uplift their skills or professional competencies.  

Additionally, an effective team leader is characterized by effective communication and ensure the rest of team members do so. Every team member should be open to share his ideas and communicate the challenges. Additionally, it is so great to have an open-mind of giving and receiving feedback within the team. This also leads to the collaborativeness of the team whereby the decision can be made together. 

Last but not least, a team leader should always work hard in building trust and respect to the team. Teams are made of diverse people with different ideas and backgrounds. A team leader should facilitate members to know each other since it leads to an effective team and she or he should also celebrate the diversity since he must learn from each from the team.
 



























 